yo what's going on youtubers on youtube
video for you guys as usual in this
video we'll be talking something my
viewer asked me he goes by the name of
I'm snapback mofo or for short
he asked me who do you
think girls look good with snapbacks
because yeah he says I know you said
this on your video but it was really
short do you think girls look good with
snapbacks personally me I think like you
guys get a generalization like not every
single girl obviously will like can rock
a snapback good like you have to be
decently pretty like sexy atleast ur
gorgeous or beautiful or some other
like that but I think you guys get my
gist like if you guys go on tumblr and
you search like all you see all these
girls and they have they're wearing
snapbacks of course they look good but
not every kind of girl rock a snapback
some like some of my friends and our
girls the rig gorgeous but they don't
like snapbacks they don't look good in
them and they just downright don't want
to most of the time though if a girl
really isn't too like the hip-hop
fashion the same way that I am then of
course it's a plus it's a win-win
situation really because not a lot of
girls really wear snapbacks usually they
pretty much actually know some girl will
do but it's not really the most girls
that I know that we're snapbacks they
don't wear it because they like it most
of them worried because their friend has
an extra one or they somewhat are into
hip-hop fashion but in truly a reality
know most girls out there don't don't
really look good with snapbacks but
majority if you let's just say it like a
sexy latina girl or a nice sexy asian
girl yeah they can rock it but most
girls not so much it really depends on
the face depends on like just uh the
body shape and everything else like you
guys guys you get my gist of what I mean
girls
don't hate because I mean I'm not saying
it's not suitable for everybody not
everybody can be suited for some one
thing it really depends and imagine I'm
trying I'm trying not to be as judge
judging as possible but I mean it is
what it is hopefully this video answers
your question understand back I'm losing
my voice right now because I'm talking a
lot but I think girls because i can't
really generalize this for all girls not
every single girl will look good in a
snapback there's girls who will and
there's girls who don't so majority of
time I don't think so there's a lot of
girls you know really weird snapbacks
not not really uh usually the girls I
seen usually have the hair out or they
pretty much put it in a bun or something
and hey i would i would guess not really
but I'm just summarizing my opinion on
it because you asked me but what are you
guys what did your guys and girls
thoughts about girls who wear snapbacks
I like to know leave your comments down
below and if you guys have any future
ideas or suggestions for future blogs
such as like this one you can leave your
thoughts down below too and your
suggestions I read all my comments
youtube comment and I'm like losing my
speaking but anyways hopefully you guys
enjoyed comment subscribe hit that like
button favor to share it and uh yeah
i'll talk to you guys soon for the next
vlog because i have a lot more questions
my viewers asked me so peace